HDB or Android debugged bridge.
It's a command line utility included with Google's Android SDK.
ADB can control your device over USB from a computer copy, files back and forth, install and uninstall
apps, run shell commands and many more things.
So let's go ahead and install Adibi Intercounty.
So you go to Kelly, open the Web browser.
Search for install EDB Caleigh.
Click on the first Web site, scroll down a bit.
And we'll first update the packages.
So open the terminal screen and switch user to route run Apte update.
Now, install ADB with the ATP, get install Android tools, ADB command.
And you might have to wait a bit.
All right, so insulation is completed successfully so we can run HDB.
And have a look at this, these are the options for EDB.